so now it's time to play what have we
learned
whoever yells the answer the loudest
wins the points and look at Liz that is
really impart to dieto doctor who really
has come into the contemporary age so
much more impressive than that geez Joe
you had that that job took a whole
afternoon yeah so no I mean in France
the audience has turned okay are you
ready to play yes movement okay you're
gonna yell out Tony you know the answers
here what are Brooks - loves sausage
does one pronounce the F in 12th that
was Tom Baker's offsider in Doctor Who
yeah you look like a booze boss it's
just an 80 year old guy in there with
one of those slippery no fans okay how
do you win an iPod on Kyle shot how do
you fix crinkles who is playing the new
Doctor Who Peter Cooper holidays the
winner tonight as we kept count the
votes it's Zoey
can I have a good amount of applause for
our Dalek plays
thank you Tony Brooke body and Zoey and
then we're back next Thursday at 9:30 to
Lancia